bozo Metheny and welcome to titli's busy
kitchen with me titli nihaan this month
I've got to do a series of French
recipes so let's waste no time and get
stuck into what is my favorite beef stew
it's rich it's delicious
it's beef bourguignon for the beef I've
got 500 grams of steering steak cut into
things resembling cubes now I need to
make a marinade for this never mind mate
I've got a sliced stick of celery a
sliced carrot a sliced leek a small one
yet that I've cut into quarters and
sliced 2 finely chopped cloves of garlic
and a dozen black peppercorns put all
the ingredients thus far into a large
bowl pour on half a liter of red wine
obviously if you're making boeuf
bourguignon then add wine from the
Burgundy region would be good now I know
the Ison nut jobs will have a problem
with me even using the word wine so I
have a message for those people it's
your problem
get over it mix it all up cover it and
then put it in the fridge for at least
four hours but preferably overnight
strain the vegetables in the marinade
pick the beef out just patted dry and
some kitchen towel and put it into a
clean bowl now add 3 tablespoons of
plain flour to the beef and mix well put
the marinade in a pan bring to the boil
then simmer to reduce the volume by a
half meanwhile melt a hundred grams of
butter in a pan over a medium heat now
in the key 5 minutes once the meat
browned you can add in the strained
vegetables together with a teaspoon of
tomato paste squirt things
stir-fry for a further five minutes this
is looking good so I'll now add in the
reduced marinade together with five
hundred mils of beef stock and a bouquet
garni which in my case has to be in the
form of a tea bag now just to be clear
I'm not using a tea bag instead of a
bouquet garni the bouquet garni I use it
comes in tea bag for a cube form and
nobody's paying me to show you those mix
it all around bring it all to the boil
then when it comes to the boil turn the
heat down cover and simmer for about an
hour there and a half meanwhile melt 40
grams of butter in a pan over a medium
heat add a hundred grams of small onions
and so taking is gently for five to ten
minutes you can also add a hundred grams
of lardons or chopped bacon establish
whatever your needs have browned a
little add in a hundred and fifty grams
of mushrooms cut the baking mushrooms
into quarters now I'm going to continue
to saute this for another five minutes
after 5 minutes turn off the heat one
less stir then just put to one side
after beefs been singing for an hour at
the mushrooms and onions in mix well now
cover and cook for another hour before
serving this is just so flavorful eat it
with some good crusty French bread so
there you have it the best beef stew in
the world notice how I've decided to
dress like the French because all French
people wear Berets and stripy shirts and
everybody knows that join me next time
for some more French cuisine in my busy
kitchen until then what happens